Add manage data section to Promscale (#678)
timescale/docs: promscale/manage-data/delete-data.md

matcher. This works differently to the SQL method shown, because it deletes all
the data, but leaves the metric itself.

To delete data in Promscale, you need to enable permissions for advanced users.
Do this by setting the [`web-enable-admin-api`][web-enable-admin-api] flag
to `true`.

This URL query uses a repeated label matcher argument that selects the series to
delete. You need to provide at least one `match[]` argument:
```bash
match[]=<SERIES_SELECTOR>
```

Use the API endpoints:
```bash
POST /delete_series
PUT /delete_series
```

For example, to delete all the data for the metric
`container_cpu_load_average_10s` using the `/delete_series` HTTP API:
```bash
curl -X POST -g http://localhost:9201/delete_series?match[]=container_cpu_load_average_10s
```

## Deletion by time
You can delete a series of metrics based on time, using an SQL query. Data in a
hypertable chunk can be either compressed and uncompressed, so all compressed
data needs to be decompressed before performing the deletion. You can
recompress the chunks later on, if necessary.

For example, to delete all data from the `container_cpu_load_average_10s` metric

> that is older than 10 hours, start by decompressing all chunks

Reviewer: that is older than 10 hours, decompress all chunks....

> that is older than 10 hours, start by decompressing all chunks

Reviewer: ```suggestion
that is older than 10 hours, decompress all chunks
```
